CREATE TABLE users (
user_id SERIAL,
username VARCHAR (32),
password VARCHAR (32),
last_name VARCHAR (32),
first_name VARCHAR (32),
phone_number BIGINT,
phone_model VARCHAR (32),
admin BOOL,
PRIMARY KEY (user_id));


-- user_plan
CREATE TABLE user_plan (
user_id INT,
plan_type VARCHAR (32),
payment_type VARCHAR (32),
PRIMARY KEY (user_id));


-- plan
CREATE TABLE plan (
plan_type VARCHAR (32),
payment_type VARCHAR (32),
call_limit_min INT,
data_limit_mib INT,
data_cost DECIMAL (10, 2),
PRIMARY KEY (plan_type, payment_type));


-- phone
CREATE TABLE phone (
	model VARCHAR (32),
	brand VARCHAR (32),
	PRIMARY KEY (model));



-- call_log
CREATE TABLE call_log (
call_id SERIAL,
user_id INT,
duration DECIMAL (10, 2),
call_date_time TIMESTAMP,
call_type VARCHAR (32),
num_called BIGINT,
PRIMARY KEY (call_id));



-- data_log
CREATE TABLE data_log (
user_id INT,
month DATE,
monthly_data_mib INT,
data_used_mib INT,
PRIMARY KEY (user_id, month));



-- call_type
CREATE TABLE call_type (
type_name VARCHAR (32),
cost_per_minute DECIMAL (10, 2),
PRIMARY KEY (type_name));



-- bank
CREATE TABLE bank (
user_id INT,
bank_account_num INT,
card_num BIGINT,
bank_name VARCHAR (32),
PRIMARY KEY (user_id));


-- transaction
CREATE TABLE transaction (
	bill_id INT,
	date_paid DATE,
	PRIMARY KEY (bill_id));



-- bill
CREATE TABLE bill (
	bill_id SERIAL,
	user_id INT,
	cost DECIMAL (10, 2),
	due_date DATE,
	paid BOOL,
	PRIMARY KEY (bill_id));
